Support for Azure Active Directory for Azure Service fabric (#2553)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/service_fabric_cluster.html.markdown

* `add_on_features` - (Optional) A List of one or more features which should be enabled, such as `DnsService`.

> * `azure_active_directory` - (Optional) `azure_active_directory` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: For consistency with the other resources could we make this:

```suggestion
* `azure_active_directory` - (Optional) An `azure_active_directory` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

---

A `azure_active_directory` block supports the following:

> * `tenant_id` - (Required) The TenantID of the Azure Active Directory resource.

Reviewer: Can we update this to be:

```suggestion
* `tenant_id` - (Required) The Azure Active Directory Tenant ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `cluster_application_id` - (Required) The GUID of the cluster application.

Reviewer: Can we update this to be:

```suggestion
* `cluster_application_id` - (Required) The Azure Active Directory Client ID which should be used for the Cluster Application. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `client_application_id` - (Required) The GUID of the client application.

Reviewer: Can we update this to be:

```suggestion
* `cluster_application_id` - (Required) The Azure Active Directory Client ID which should be used for the Client Application. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
